- [Narrator] So now that we've built our view in our module,
it's time to walk through finishing our web application
by building the controller in the model and serving it
to the view so that we can see it in a web browser.
So, back in our IDE, in our room web app,
let's open it up,
and source main Java in our base package,
we want to create a new package and we will call it models.
Now in models,
we're going to create a new class called room.
Now, room is going to have a few values here.
So private long ID,
and this will be used later on with our database,
private string number,
private string name and private string info.
Now, I'm going to use a tool built into MyIE,
to generate a bunch of stuff.
Every IE can do this,
it's just a little bit different options.
So for me, it's Control+Enter,
I'm going to do a constructor with no ads.
I'm going to do a constructor with all ads,
and I'm going to do getters and setters for all elements.
That's all we need to do to create our room.
Go ahead and close that file out.
Now, we'll create another new package,
and this one will be called controllers.
Now in our controllers' class,
we're going to create a new Java class,
called room controller.
This one we need to annotate.
So we're going to annotate it with @controller.
We're also going to annotate it with @requestmapping.
And we're going to respond @rooms to an import that in.
Now because we don't have all of our data yet,
we're going to indeed actually mock some stuff here.
So I'm going to create a private static, final variable.
That is a list of room elements.
We will call this rooms,
and it will be equal to a new array list.
And now I'm going to put a static block.
And in my static block,
I'm very simply for now going to do a four loop,
int I equals zero.
I is less than 10, I plus, plus.
And we will do a rooms.add.
We will do a new room,
and we're just going to make up some dummy data here.
So we'll start with I,
we will do room plus I,
we will do the number as R plus I,
and we will send in some info here called Q.
So now we can actually implement our controller.
So we're going to do a get mapping,
and we're going to create a method
that returns this string called get all rooms.
And it's going to take a model element.
And what we will do here,
is we will do a model.addattributes.
We're going to pass it an attribute whose name is rooms,
which matches our view.
And we will simply pass it in the array
that we created above.
Now, we will then return rooms.
Now, this is the name of the view that we want to resolve too.
So, it's not the rooms that came
from the array or anything else.
This is the name of the template specifically,
and that's where we go.
So let's go ahead and run this application.
We'll go to the main application class,
and just run the main method.
And you'll see that we've started up on port 8080.
So let's open up a web browser,
then we will go to localhost8080/rooms.
And we have now rendered our view
with the expanded elements
based on what we passed into the model.
That's really all there is
to serving dynamic data to a webpage
in a spring boot application.